Greetings to all esteemed Buddhist practitioners!
Today, Tâm Chiếu Hoàn
Quán will share with you some folk remedies for
preventing and treating colds and flu.
Today, Tâm Chiếu Hoàn Quán will combine some
foods to treat
various symptoms of the common cold and flu.
For example,
we experience symptoms like sore throat, headache,
body aches, runny nose,
eye pain, and
a burning sensation at the junction
of the mouth and nose. These
symptoms are often
accompanied by
chest tightness and difficulty breathing. If these symptoms
appear, we can try the
following: Green onions (scallions) can be ground and the juice extracted and
drunk. This will reduce
fever and has properties that help lower the temperature. It
has even been tested extensively in Buddhist practice.
That day, after Brother Dung received his
second injection, he experienced
convulsions and spasms in his limbs. The
temple's medical staff gave him
fever-reducing medication twice, but the
symptoms didn't subside. He was convulsing and
screaming. After drinking two cups of
this herbal tea made from crushed scallions, Dung's
fever and convulsions stopped. This
was written about on the "Feeling Happy" page.
To
further alleviate the headache, we should eat more
mint leaves. We can
eat them freely;
they are very good. And
also these guava leaves. That
day, I was meditating and had
a blister pack of medicine. A fellow
practitioner gave it to me a long time
ago. That day, I
took it out of my bag and saw the medicine. I immediately
took two pills, saying they were tonics, and I did
n't think much of it. I just
took two
pills.  After a while, I felt
nauseous, then a headache, and a
cold sensation throughout my body. I felt uneasy and did
n't know what was wrong with me.
So I ate five or six leaves of this guava leaf
because that was a sign of
drug shock, an overdose of medication. I
ate it within
5 to 7 minutes, and the
symptoms disappeared. This guava leaf remedy
has been used by Buddhists at the
temple when they get
vaccinated.
Everyone eats guava leaves and drinks scallion leaf tea
after the injection, and
everything is fine; no one seems to
have any
problems. These three things – scallion leaves, mint, and guava leaves – are very helpful when we experience symptoms after injections, such as fever or other adverse reactions. Of
course, we should still
follow the doctor's instructions.
However, these are very
common remedies that don't cause any problems and are
very good for us.  It can be used
even when we can't call a
doctor, or even if we do go to the doctor,
eating these is perfectly
normal, right? It's fine; it's
food and not contraindicated with any
medications, so eating it is very good. Regarding the
flu,
from the time of COVID-19 until now,
2020-2021, Buddhists at the temple and in
our club have been eating onions and garlic to
boost their immunity. It has
had a positive effect on people with
colds; they recover, their runny noses
disappear, and those with sore throats
or fevers
also feel better.
Many Buddhists have experienced this. So,
how should we eat when we
have symptoms of a cold, especially if we suspect we're infected
and test
positive?  The medicine from the
Ministry of Health gives us
this method of eating, and it's very
effective. So, when we have a sore throat,
we can eat a piece of
onion. We can
eat a piece directly, but
swallow it in a way that doesn't cause burning and
irritation in the throat. We chew the
onion piece, chewing it
thoroughly, and if we chew while
wearing a mask, it's very
good because the heat and spiciness
will rush up to our eyes, down to our
nose and throat, which is very
good. We chew and hold water in our mouths
until the spiciness is gone before swallowing.
If
we swallow too soon, it will cause
stomach irritation, so if we're
not used to it, we can use a small piece. There's also
a second method:
if we feel a
burning sensation on our tongue, we can take a sip of
plain water first, and then
put the onion piece in.  This is what we put in and
we chew it, chewing until the
spiciness subsides, then we
start swallowing. If
someone just has a sore throat, chewing a few
times will soothe it immediately.
If it's more severe, we need to
use garlic instead. Especially for
those who feel they have a positive reaction,
we should combine all
these foods and garlic.
Whether we have a common cold,
headache, or any of those other
things, besides using Western medicine,
using garlic is very
quick and effective. You'll see the results immediately. If
you have the means,
mix it with hot water, crush the garlic and add it to the water and
drink it.
If not, take a bottle of
filtered water, take a sip, then put a piece of garlic
in your mouth. It
depends on your preference;
if you're not used to it,
just take half a clove or a piece and chew it. After
chewing with water,
you'll find it's not too spicy.
We add more and chew it, but
we shouldn't put two or three
cloves in at once because it's too spicy and
we can't stand it. So when we chew,
we chew for a long time,
until it's all crushed.
But we must let the garlic vapors
fill our noses, mouths, and everything else, so that
the spiciness disappears before we swallow.
Normally, we chew like
that for 15 minutes, keeping it in our mouths for 15 minutes,
so when we swallow, there's no
spiciness left at all. If we have
all the symptoms, for example, a sore throat,
headache, runny nose,
body aches, chest tightness – that means
we have many of those symptoms – we swallow, then
we
chew another piece,
and we chew three pieces like that, then we
stop for an hour, then we
chew again, and in just one, two, or three hours,
those symptoms will
disappear very quickly. And besides
that, we still drink it if we still have a
fever.  Continue drinking onion water and eating
mint leaves. Besides chewing garlic,
you can also chew onions,
and those symptoms will disappear very
quickly. If you
persevere like this, in just
one or two days all
your symptoms will be gone. It's very
good! I'm sharing
this with you, dear fellow practitioners, to
protect your health every year during
seasonal changes or for those with
weather allergies. It heals very
quickly and transforms the condition.
Even for those with sinusitis (which is
very common), you can use this method of scraping the skin.
If you know the
method of using incense, use it.
If you don't know scraping or using incense,
you can use this method. For
those with
chronic pharyngitis that persists for
many
years without being cured, just
persevere with this method, but
don't wear shoes.  Let's not use shoes,
for example, just eat continuously. But
when we're sick, we just eat. That
will help us recover, which is very good,
and especially it strengthens our
resistance because the weather boosts it, dear fellow
practitioners. It's very good.
In the current situation, the
epidemic isn't as dangerous as it was at
the beginning, but it's not over yet.
It's not dangerous, but it's still very
easy to catch. According to
the Ministry of Health's announcement, we
should prevent the disease and avoid getting it
because this epidemic leaves
bad aftereffects,
right? So, when we're not
sick, we should eat to
have high resistance. And every
day we still come into contact with the
outside world a lot, so dear fellow practitioners, we
should eat garlic before going out, eat onions while
we're out, eat garlic again before returning home, and
then eat garlic again before going to bed. In
the morning,
we eat garlic again.  So, if we
eat at least three times a day, or even four
or five times, it will be
very helpful in protecting
our health from disease. Therefore,
the Tâm Chiều Hoàn Quán also hopes that all fellow
practitioners who are not yet sick will
not neglect their health,
especially with the current open contact, as
it will have many negative consequences for our
health. And if we
don't take care of our health,
our practice will also be affected,
and long-term health problems are
not good. Therefore, the Tâm Chiều Hoàn Quán sincerely
hopes that all fellow practitioners
will protect their health using
very simple methods. And if
you are tired, you can do this: if you do
n't have ginseng or many other tonics, you can
cut up an onion,
extract the juice, and drink it. It's
very nutritious, fellow practitioners. It makes you feel very healthy;
drinking it doesn't make you feel
tired.  For physical weakness,
drinking this onion water is
very beneficial.
First, you
can peel the onion like this, then boil it, and
simmer it until
the water turns yellow. If the water is white,
it won't have any
effect. But when the water turns yellow, it's
very
good to drink. Besides its beautifying effects,
many Buddhists drink it, and the result is that it
helps to reduce dry skin and is
very good for women. It
also helps to improve the mind.
Furthermore, dear fellow practitioners,
this yellow peel, this yellow peel,
if someone has
albinism (the skin that is
white in patches),
drinking this yellow peel is very helpful.  When
we cook
it, we just cook the whole bulb,
don't throw away the skin.
We eat it from beginning to
end, we eat the whole bulb. So
today, Tâm Chiếu C Quán is sharing this with you, dear fellow
practitioners, and we sincerely hope that you will
apply it to
have good resistance and health
to serve your lives and diligently practice. In the
comments section
of this video, there will also be
articles and testimonials from Buddhists who
have practiced
these remedies and found them effective, so that you
can increase your
daily intake. It's also
very good compared to garlic.
For example, in the morning, we can boil
some vegetables and then add
this raw garlic. Or
we can mix it with the vegetables, which is
very good. You can eat it for breakfast, lunch, or
dinner, but
eat it with mixed vegetables. But don't stir-fry it;
just slice the garlic and
add it.  After the vegetables are cooked, we add
a little oil and mix them together,
or we can eat them with whatever
we like, dip them in whatever we want,
but it's
very good for our health. At the Han Quan temple,
eating garlic and all these things helps prevent runny noses and
colds. It helps
prevent colds very well.
So, we can eat them even with common colds,
and during epidemics, we can still eat them; it's still
good. And at the temple, I still
remind you to
follow the guidelines
of health authorities to prevent epidemics. These are
the methods that have been practiced very
well to help us prevent flu-related illnesses
and epidemics in the present. Wishing all fellow
practitioners and their families good health and
diligence. Namo Buddha Shakyamuni. At the Han Quan temple, I'll
try eating garlic and water
for you all to see. This is a simple dish of
water; we'll take a sip of water into our
mouths first, then add the garlic and
eat it to avoid burning or spiciness.
Okay, so take a sip of this water before
eating garlic and a sip of water before eating onion
to prevent your tongue from
getting too spicy, while still getting enough of the
spiciness that goes
down your throat, up your nose, and into your eyes. Remember, chew this thoroughly until the spiciness of the garlic is gone before swallowing it.
[Music]